Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/step_04/ReadMe.md

Reviewer: please rename the file

> You can download the full code [here](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy-getting-started/tree/develop/src).

# Step 4: Scenario Page

> The Scenario Page is a part of the application designed to create and customize scenarios for predictions based on time series data. Users can set different parameters for the prediction process, such as the prediction date, maximum capacity, and the number of predictions. The page also includes a chart that displays historical values and predictions made using machine learning and baseline methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Scenario Page is a section of the application made for crafting and tailoring
prediction scenarios using time series data. Users can adjust various parameters for the
prediction, like the prediction date, maximum capacity, and the quantity of predictions.
This page also features a chart that shows past data and predictions created using both
machine learning and baseline techniques.
```

![Scenario Page](result.png){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }"

The Scenario Page is constructed using a combination of Markdown and Python code. Below is a detailed explanation of each component:

## Markdown (pages/scenario/scenario.md)

```markdown
# Create your scenario:

<|layout|columns=3 1 1 1 1|
<|{scenario}|scenario_selector|>

**Prediction date** <br/>
<|{day}|date|active={scenario}|not with_time|>

**Max capacity** <br/>
<|{max_capacity}|number|active={scenario}|>

**Number of predictions** <br/>
<|{n_predictions}|number|active={scenario}|>

<br/> <|Save|button|on_action=save|active={scenario}|>
|>
 
<|{scenario}|scenario|>

<|{predictions_dataset}|chart|x=Date|y[1]=Historical values|type[1]=bar|y[2]=Predicted values ML|y[3]=Predicted values Baseline|>
```

> The Markdown section defines the layout and components of the Scenario Page. It contains the following elements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Markdown section outlines the arrangement and elements of the Scenario Page. It consists of the following components:
```
